to change life change the plaque what
have I learned at the end of these seven
years is raw food effective is
effective absolutely they have massive
healing benefits on a raw diet yes
absolutely
is it the end-all be-all no how do I
know because life is more than just the
fuel that you put in
a lot of scam artists out there looking
to take advantage of you and make
I've chosen not to be one
trying to give you the truth rather than
product but I'm asking questions and
more questions you ask the more of the
picture that you see and I
a lot of questions that I've uncovered
and the people that are making money off
cannot answer they cannot answer these
questions without significantly hurting
or completely eliminating their income
so they don't ask those questions and
they don't tolerate those questions
well I've asked and the more of these
questions I asked the closer I come to a
truth not that you ever come to the
truth become closer to a truth you seem
more of the picture every question is a
leaf the oil returning is more
information and there's more questions
but you know more about the topic what
I've learned is that yeah raw is great
but it's not the answer and there are
ways to eat that are just as healthy
that are not law and as they run around
Paris thinking about the stress in my
life and the lack of social life and my
depression and my shyness and how
difficult it is for me to interact with
people anyways because of my
insecurities
making myself an alien or Island because
of my diet only serves to make things
worse and has only served to cause me to
become even more insecure and more
isolated and more depressed and more
stressed which is combating the effects
of the diet in fact I'm worse off then
American diet but a modified version of
a diet that would allow me to socially
interact with more people without being
isolated a diet that would allow me to
go to more restaurants I don't go to a
single restaurant rather because there's
nothing I can eat if I'm a 100 percent
raw vegan it's not about compromising
it's about putting myself back into the
culture putting myself back into my
community being more of a contribution
because when I stick to this diet even
though it is effective physical it's
profoundly effective physically but it's
caused me to significantly decline as a
psychological being because of my
isolation if I lived in a different
place maybe if I lived back in Los
Angeles again then that would be
different but in Vermont is crippled me
emotionally
you